add azure release v18.0.1 (#1040)
giantswarm/releases: azure/v18.0.1/README.md

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v18.0.1 for Azure :zap:

> This is a bugfix release that could lead to `azure-cloud-controller-manager` app to be configured with the wrong Pod CIDR.

Reviewer: Maybe it's just me english but this sounds weird. Maybe this is better?
```suggestion
This is a release to fix a bug that could lead to `azure-cloud-controller-manager` app to be configured with the wrong Pod CIDR.
```
